This game is made to be played like the card game Speed. 
If you are confused by how the game itself works, even after reading the user manual, 
please look it up online.

1. Press PLAY to start playing the game.
2. After you press PLAY, a window will show up prompting 
   you for your name and your IP Address. Once you have entered your name, 
   click the OK button next to it. Once you have entered the IP Address, 
   click the OK button next to it. After you have clicked both OK buttons, 
   click the “Let’s Play!” button to begin the game.
3. A window should pop up that looks like the image below. 
   The bottom five cards that are face up are your the cards in your “hand.” 
   The card turned over that is to the right of your hand is your deck. 
   Above your cards are four cards: the most left and right cards (turned over) 
   are the side deck, and the two center cards (face up) are the central piles. 
   Above these four cards are your opponent's cards and their deck. 
   If you ever need to see the instructions again, click on “Instructions” in the menu bar.
4. The goal of the game is to get rid of all your cards before the other player. 
   You can get rid of your card by dragging it to a central pile, 
   but the card’s number or face must be one below or above the 
   central pile’s top card’s number or face. 
   (Ex: central piles have 2 and jack on top, which means you can put down 
   an ace or 3 on the 2 OR put down a 10 or a queen on the jack). 
   If that condition is not met, the card is put back in its original spot in your hand. 
   When you successfully put a card on the central pile, a card is taken from your deck 
   and automatically put in the place of the old card.
5. If you cannot put any of your cards on the central pile, then enable the STUCK button. 
   If the other player puts down more cards and you are able to put down a card, 
   please disable the STUCK button. Once both players have enabled the STUCK button, 
   the top card from each side deck is put on top of the central pile.
6. Once a player has no more cards in their hand and their deck, 
   the game ends and the winner has a “YOU WIN” window pop up. 
   The loser sadly has a “YOU LOSE” window pop up. Good luck playing the game!